hi guys and we're doing the stickiness
tinkermen pre-alpha we can't do the
extras on the troll game is not out i
dink donk government this is coming out
and I'm making this game I think a month
the release date for this game is is um
2012 20 yeah I know ok the the the black
one is sticky and the other one is SID
ok the black one is the key to white one
is Sid you can't flutter jump look like
the Yoshi and you can I want to add a
flutter jump because i love flutter
jumps oh wait oh my goodness the kick is
everything mixed up all my get is I'm
trying to keep doing by said oh my
goodness poor SID
by sticky sticky still here no Harry
said Arthur he said you Preston he
looks weird like their head is on their
legs and stuff she was in love